New Coding Style guide (#95)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/doc-style/formatting-tools.rst

output resembling that of `pytest-cov`_, which is the the equivalent tool
for source code coverage.

Numpydoc Validation
-------------------
In order to validate the style of :ref:`Numpydoc Docstrings`, it is possible to
take advantage of `numpydoc`_ Sphinx extension. Note that this extension will
only check for those objcts whose docstring needs to be rendered. It is not a
command line tool which checks all docstrings style in your source code.

Because it is a Sphinx extension, it needs to be configured via through the
``conf.py``.  see :ref:`The \`\`doc/\`\` directory`. Start by adding it to the
list of extensions:

.. code-block:: python

  extensions = [
      'numpydoc',
      ...
  ]

Once added, you can select which `validation checks
<https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/validation.html#built-in-validation-checks>`_
need to be addressed by using the ``numpydoc_validation_checks`` dictionary:

.. code-block:: python

   numpydoc_validation_checks = {"GL08"}

This will issue the following warning for any object without a docstring:

.. code-block:: python

   "The object does not have a docstring"

> For a complete list of available checks, please check the `full mapping of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of available checks, see the `full mapping of
```
